updates to book_changes RPC command (#5096)
XRPLF/rippled: API-CHANGELOG.md

## XRP Ledger server version 2.0.0

### Updates in 2.3.0

(Breaking Changes)

> - Changes to the `book_changes` RPC: This RPC now returns a `validated` field in its response, which was missing in prior versions. Additionally, `book_changes` RPC exhibits similar behavior as the other non-Admin RPC commands, insofar as ledger-retrieval is concerned. Specifically, if the requested ledger version is old, then a `ledgerNotFound` error is returned. This is a breaking change, because prior versions would attempt to acquire such an old ledger.

Author: @mDuo13  @Bronek  If need be, please suggest modifications to this message.

> ## XRP Ledger server version 2.0.0
> 
> ### Updates in 2.3.0
> 
> (Breaking Changes)
> - Changes to the `book_changes` RPC: This RPC now returns a `validated` field in its response, which was missing in prior versions. Additionally, `book_changes` RPC exhibits similar behavior as the other non-Admin RPC commands, insofar as ledger-retrieval is concerned. Specifically, if the requested ledger version is old, then a `ledgerNotFound` error is returned. This is a breaking change, because prior versions would attempt to acquire such an old ledger.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking change in 2.3

- `book_changes`: If the requested ledger version is not available on this node, a `ledgerNotFound` error is returned and the node does not attempt to acquire the ledger from the p2p network (as with other non-admin RPCs).

Admins can still attempt to retrieve old ledgers with the `ledger_request` RPC.

### Addition in 2.3

- `book_changes`: Returns a `validated` field in its response, which was missing in prior versions.

```
